# Word Scramble Project

This is a Word Scramble game.  Users can choose between Easy, Medium and Hard words and attempt to unscramble them.  They can also create and update their own words.

## Links

The app is deployed here:<br>
https://kibs86.github.io/word_scramble_web/

The back-end repo can be found here:<br>
https://github.com/kibs86/word-scramble-api

## Description

1.  [Download](../../archive/master.zip) this template.
1.  Unzip and rename the template directory.
1.  Empty [`README.md`](README.md) and fill with your own content.
1.  Move into the new project and `git init`.
1.  Install dependencies with `npm install`.

## Structure

Dependencies are stored in [`package.json`](package.json).

Do not configure `grunt` packages directly in the
[`Gruntfile.js`](Gruntfile.js). Instead, store configurations in the
[`grunt`](grunt) directory. You won't need a top-level key, since that's
generated by the `Gruntfile.js` based on the filename of the configuration
object stored in the `grunt` directory.

Developers should store JavaScript files in [`assets/scripts`](assets/scripts).
The "manifest" or entry-point is
[`assets/scripts/index.js`](assets/scripts/index.js). In general, only
application initialization goes in this file. It's normal for developers to
start putting all code in this file, but encourage them to break out different
responsibilities and use the `require` syntax put references where they're
needed.

Developers should store styles in [`assets/styles`](assets/styles).

Developers should use [getFormFields](forms.md) to retrieve form data to send to
 an API.

## Tasks

Developers should run these often!

-   `grunt nag` or just `grunt`: runs code quality analysis tools on your code
    and complains
-   `grunt reformat`: reformats all your code in a standard style
-   `grunt <server|serve|s>`: generates bundles, watches, and livereloads
-   `grunt test`: runs any automated tests, depends on `grunt build`
-   `grunt build`: place bundled styles and scripts where `index.html` can find
    them

## [License](LICENSE)

1.  All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1.  All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.
